Call the police!
What's wrong?
They're chasing me!
Hey, are you on drugs, lady?
♪ NCIS: LA 4x22 ♪
Raven & the Swans
Original Air Date on April 30, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
Come on, G,
it's one day.
A whole day?
Maybe three hours
in the afternoon.
It's not the whole day.
Three hours?
You're her uncle.
I'm not really her uncle.
She calls you Uncle Callen.
And I'm not very good with kids either.
Now you sound like Kensi.
Kids love you.
Your kids, maybe;
other kids, not so much.
A few weeks ago,
that kid in the sewer
was about to poison
half the city.
You talked him out of it.
It's true, but I was also
ready to shoot him.
No, you weren't.
She's had to stay
with her grandparents
while Michelle and I try
to flush out the Sidorov thing.
I want this to
be special, G.
Kensi and Deeks are dressing up.
You were coming to her
birthday party anyway, right?
Not dressed as a werewolf.
It's not a werewolf,
it's Professor Lupin.
You said it was a werewolf.
Wait, Lupin sounds like
a werewolf.
Technically, yes,
but only during a full moon.
This is afternoon.
I mean, if anyone's
gonna go as a werewolf,
it should be Deeks.
The guy's halfway there already.
All you got to do is
wear a robe, carry a wand.
For my little girl?
Please, Uncle Callen?
Fine.
But you owe me big-time.
Just be glad she's out
of her princess phase.
What are you doing?
Shaving my legs.
What does it look
like I'm doing?
Um, it looks like
you're cleaning
your gun with my T-shirt.
Oh. Sorry.
It was on the bench;
I thought it was a rag.
No, rags don't
have sleeves.
All right.
I mean,
I've had this thing
since high school.
Holy shirt, I believe it.
Come on,
that was funny.
Oh, and no comment
on me shaving my legs?
"Uh, can I help you?
Is it from
the waist down?"
Dude, come on,
I'll buy you a new one.
Yeah, you can't get me
another shirt because he is
the last of his kind, thank you.
He's a shirt.
You have no idea
what we've
been through together.
Still a shirt, Linus.
Okay, no,
'cause Linus had
a blanket, all right?
This is the costume of
my rebellion
awakening, all right?
This was the anthem
of my youth.
"Touching Wood"?
It's the name of my band.
We were 15 and made of awesome.
Was this a boy band
or was it a marching band?
I'll have you know
it was a rock band.
Yeah, mm-hmm.
And I was the front man
and lead guitarist.
Oh, God.
Really?
Please, please tell me there is
footage of you singing.
Wow, the amount of delight
that you're getting out of this
is a little unsettling.
With good reason.
Sing something.
No, I'm not gonna sing for you.
Sing or...
I'm gonna tell Callen and Sam.
And then I'm gonna use
every piece of technology
that we have
to scour the planet
for footage of you performing.
Okay, now you're
scaring me.
Dance, monkey, dance.
Possessed much?
Okay.
I'm just gonna text
Callen and Sam.
"Hey, guys,
did you know that..."
Stop texting, fine.
That's-- I-I will sing.
Stop texting.
I will sing.
You want me to sing, I'll sing.
You want me to dance,
I'll be your monkey.
Here we go.
Bup-bup-bup.
You ready for it?
Oh, I'm ready.
Is this really necessary?
Action.
♪ Baby!
♪ Baby...
♪ Me-me-me-me-me,
gee-gee-gee-gee-gee-gee-gee ♪
♪ Baby!
Nope, sometimes,
you got to really
breathe from the diaphragm;
it's important.
It's been a long time
since I really
blasted out the pipes,
so I just...
Oh, God, wow.
Hi, how are you?
What can I do for you?
Uh, Hetty wants us...
Awesome, I'd love
to be a part of it.
Gonna go solve some crimes.
...up in Ops. Wow.
That was excitement.
No, Eric.
That was fear.
Hit it, Nell.
A woman was stalked
and attacked
in a city parking lot last
night by at least three men.
Two of her attackers are
dead, along with a bystander,
and the woman is missing.
And this is a case
for us because...?
Because I'm assigning it to you.
Who are the men
that attacked her?
Haven't been identified.
What about the woman?
Nope.
Okay, so where
do we start?
I suggest you start
with the dead.
Of course.
Did you find anything?
Mm, cheap cell phone--
probably a burner--
$300 cash, and that's it.
No wallet, no keys,
nothing else.
Okay, that's weird.
If somebody took the wallet,
they would have taken the cash.
Wait a minute.
These clothes also
don't have tags in them.
You're kidding.
What do you got?
Nada.
Nothing on facial rec,
nothing on the prints.
No tattoos, no scars.
So these guys are ghosts.
Welllet's hope they're ghosts
with dental records.
Covered all the exits.
Closed in from all angles
like a pack of jackals.
She never had
a chance of escaping.
Yeah, no purse
or briefcase on her,
so she probably wasn't
coming from work.
Every vehicle that came in
was accounted for,
so either they took her car
or she didn't have one.
So what the hell's
she doing here?
Exertion made them
bleed out faster.
Stopped to rest here.
What do you got, Eric?
Actually, I was just
checking in to see
if you found anything.
She's standing over your
shoulder right now, isn't she?
Yes, she is,
Mr. Callen.
And she's looking for
a situation report.
We found a blood trail.
Of the woman's or
the attackers?
We're not sure yet.
Sam's gonna send
you some photos.
That's a lot of blood.
So, if you were
in a band,
how come I've never
heard you play guitar?
Maybe I never bring
my ax to work.
Oh, your "ax"? Okay, so
did you guys play "gigs"
and have "groupies"?
Why do you think
we had a band?
Honeys love musicians.
I got so much...
personal attention
in high school.
Attention or detention?
He's gonna be here
all week, folks.
So what do we got?
Eric and Nell
found additional
surveillance footage
from the garage's
exterior.
Okay. And?
Ouch.
Wow.
I like this girl.
Yeah, that was impressive.
That was professional.
Never mind the guys.
Who is this woman?
Exactly.
Nell.
Is Hetty upstairs?
No. Why?
You're injured?
If you are,
I appreciate your efforts
not to get any blood
on my furniture.
How'd you know
I'd come here?
How did you know
you'd be safe if you did?
How bad is that?
Won't be wearing
a strapless gown anytime soon.
Bones?
No.
It's just soft tissue.
He only grazed me.
You're lucky.
It'll still need
medical attention.
I'll settle for some scotch.
Any walnuts?
No.
No bread crumbs either.
She's holding out on us.
What else is new?
That mystery woman's the key.
Yeah, Hetty's trying
to protect her.
Question is: from who?
I hate
when she does this.
Sucks, don't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, you two are cut
from the same cloth.
Hardly.
Hetty is, uh,
hand-painted silk.
I'm more of a...
Itchy polyester?
I was gonna
say denim.
Well-worn denim.
What the hell's
that supposed to mean?
Any luck on Hetty?
Nothing on her phone.
She turned it off,
so we couldn't track her.
She's off the reservation.
Again.
Yeah, but why?
I think
we have to ask her.
You got to
identify her first.
Where's Nell?
She had to run down
to the armory.
For what?
She didn't say.
Whoa!
You guys scared me.
What you doing?
Just, um, inventory.
Mm-hmm.
What's missing?
The derringer and her arm rig.
Plus her .32.
Three knives, pepper spray
and a steel baton.
What, no hand grenade?
This is nowhere near as good
as the Pu-erh you used
to bring me from Yunnan.
But it'll have to suffice.
Thank you.
It's been awhile.
Yeah.
How long have you been in town?
Not long.
Long enough to leave
a couple of bodies.
I ran out of options.
Well, it happens.
You should have called me
if you were in trouble.
I'm here now.
And I'm glad that you are.
Ah, bugger.
Hope she's talking about you.
It's all right.
Oh, well,
now that you're here,
Mr. Hanna,
could you
see to our guest's injuries?
Let's take a look.
You got a minute?
This is where you tell me
what's going on.
What would you like to know?
Why don't we start with
the woman in the other room
and what the hell
she's doing here.
Well, her name is Grace Stevens.
Mm-hmm.
And I take it you have
a pretty good reason
for not telling us
who we were looking for?
I asked you to identify the men.
Yeah, well,
that would have been
a little easier had we known
who they were after.
I told you,
her name is Grace Stevens.
That's her name.
I want to know
who the hell she is.
She's one of ours.
Now, why wouldn't you
want to tell me that?
Nolan Vandenberg popped
up on our radar three years ago,
when equipment from one of
his manufacturing facilities
turned up in Iran.
He said it was stolen.
Now, the concern is that
he's providing equipment
that could be used to facilitate
the nuclear programs
of our enemies.
We just haven't been
able to prove it.
How long were you inside?
I've been working for him
for 11 months.
Living with him for three.
My intel flow had dried up.
He maintains control
through compartmentalization.
His employees
only know enough
to be efficient
in their specific area.
So you figured you could gain
additional access
if he trusted you
on a more intimate level.
I was out of options.
Unfortunately, all I learned
is he's an abusive sadist.
Do we have enough to arrest him?
No.
If we arrest him,
we tip off those he's helping.
The fear is there are
others in addition to Iran.
If we take him out,
they'll find another supplier,
and it may take us
months to determine
who they were and where they are
in their nuclear development.
So what's the goal?
We want to know
who he's supplying,
and ideally allow him
to continue to do so
in a manner that lets us
monitor his progress
and delay it if necessary.
Espionage and sabotage.
Two of my
favorite pastimes.
Well, unfortunately,
after what happened last night,
he may have already
fled the country.
So we looked into
his business holdings,
and recent land deeds show
that Vandenberg's company
has purchased property
in the Tula industrial area.
It's just north
of Mexico City.
They say what for?
Manufacturing of heat
transfer equipment, used in
refining, petrochemical
and gas processing industries.
It could be legit.
Yeah, it could be.
And it could also be a way
to move equipment
into another country
without rousing suspicion.
Who's gonna expect
uranium refining technology
to come out of Mexico?
Hmm.
Any luck tracking down
the missing cargo van or
the other guy that Grace shot?
Mm, no luck with the van,
but he hasn't sought
medical attention
at any local hospitals.
Could've patched
himself up.
Or he could be dead.
What about Vandenberg?
As far as I can
tell, he's still here.
He has a three-
bedroom suite
booked at the
Biltmore downtown.
Good.
Book us a room close to his.
Okay, got it.
You guys going
on a second honeymoon?
No, you two are.
Ah, okay.
Nell, make that twins.
Mm, now we're talking.
Twins are on my bucket list.
Beds. Twin beds.
Uh-huh. Yeah, no, but...
Meet you two in the armory.
You say "twin beds,"
I say "twins."
Feeling better?
Never underestimate
the rejuvenating powers
of a hot shower.
Look, Vandenberg is
still here,
so we're gonna go
check him out.
You can watch from Ops.
I'd be of more use
on the ground.
It's not worth the risk
of him seeing you.
Plus, you need to heal.
Look, you'll be
in contact with us.
You can see
almost everything we see.
Okay.
So, uh...
how long have
you known Hetty?
We go back
quite a ways.
Did she bring you to NCIS?
Yeah. I, uh, I wasn't on
a good career trajectory.
Actually, I was in trouble
with the law as a juvie.
And, uh, fortunately,
I met Hetty,
and she steered me in
the right direction.
Well, she has a way
of doing that.
Yeah.
Hey. So, I, uh, sent
the hotel layout
to your phones.
Mm-hmm.
And, um, I'll be
tapped into their
surveillance feed by
the time you get back.
Great.
Can you find me some more
information on Grace?
Sure, yeah.
What do you need?
Everything you can find on her
prior to joining NCIS.
Am I going to get
in trouble for this?
Course not.
Just don't get caught.
What?
Oh, man.
Oh, my God,
she's watching me.
Just smile.
But then she'll know
I'm up to something.
Then don't smile.
Okay, but then she'll think
I'm hiding something.
Oh, man, look at
her looking at me.
Granger was right, she's
got that Gorgon stare.
What should I say
if she asks me what I'm doing?
Callen?
Ca...
Hey.
Just...
Thank you, Kenneth.
Thank you, sir.
Is there anything
else I can get you?
Um, I don't know.
What do you think, honey?
Huh? Little champagne?
Chocolate-covered strawberries?
Honey, you know I get hives
from strawberries
and champagne gives me gas.
Wow.
That is adorable.
My wife.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Uh, wait.
The-the threshold.
Oh, right.
The threshold.
Course.
Uh...
Um...
So excited.
Well?
You want to...
want to jump up
or something, maybe?
Okay, this is
not ice dancing.
Just lift me up.
I mean,
maybe you could hand me
a leg or something
to hold on to.
Just put your leg up.
Just put your--
yeah, there you go.
Right like... that.
Um...
Maybe you should
grab the other one.
She's a lot heavier,
actually, than she looks.
It's all that
very dense
muscle mass from
pole dancing.
That she does.
Yeah.
He's kidding.
I'm not really kidding.
I almost lost my appendix
the last time she tried to do
the Hungarian bicycle.
It was crazy. On three.
On three.
One, two...
Three.
Ho!
Wish me luck.
Uh, good luck.
Yeah, I'm gonna need it.
And congratulations.
Okay.
Thank you.
Congratulations to us.
Put me down.
You laugh funny
and your eye looks weird.
Uh-huh. Let me go.
Fire in the hole!
No!
Uh!
I'm so sorry.
That was too much.
It was inappropriate.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, my gosh, I can't believe
you just did that.
I'm so sorry.
It was inappropriate.
Geez...!
You're an agent, we're
in a working environment.
What? No, Deeks, stop-- oh!
Okay.
See, you know what?
You got to have
faster reflexes than that.
That's what happens
when you marry the jungle cat.
Yeah.
You want to make
little Ninja assassins.
You want to play
this game.
Obviously, you're
gonna have to... oh!
You know what, sweetie, honey,
this is how somebody gets hurt.
Yeah. You.
I don't want to see
you get hurt, honey.
Ow! Don't... St...!
Ow! Burn. You ca... Ow!
Okay, don't
make me unleash the beast.
Only thing beastly about you
is your breath.
Dizzy... Kens...
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Sounds like the
honeymoon is over.
You guys in position?
Huh? Well, one of us is.
Oh... Fraggle Rock!
No-- ah!
Yeah?
How you like that?
I don't love it.
There you...
I mean, I don't love it
as much as I should love it!
- You in position now, huh?
- No!
Huh? You...
This is going a lot better...
Hi.
Ah!
Is this a... bad time?
Hello, you...
He started it.
Target is alone,
but he's gotta have
some muscle nearby.
You recognize
anyone, Grace?
The guy with the
book is DeGroot.
He's not the other one you shot?
No, that was Visser.
I don't see him.
May not have survived.
Good.
The guy was a psychopath.
I don't recognize anyone else.
He's down three men.
That makes him vulnerable.
Also makes him dangerous
and more likely to do
something unpredictable.
Okay, Eric,
we should be online.
Yeah, we got you.
Nobody's answering.
No one answered when I knocked.
Ready?
Yup.
Right.
Guys,
Nell's going in.
Let us know if Vandenberg
or his protection move.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Housekeeping!
All right, no laptop
on the desk...
Leave the briefcase.
Yay.
Hey, Doc.
You got a laptop?
No.
It's audio and video
bug detection equipment.
This guy's careful.
Not careful enough.
Can you disable it?
With pleasure.
Somebody's in here.
That's Visser!
Get her out of there!
Kensi, go, go.
Yeah.
What are you doing?
I am with Housekeeping.
I am Housekeeping.
I had the
"Do Not Disturb" sign on.
I'm sorry, sir.
I must have
missed that.
I can just come back later.
You've been going
through my stuff.
No, no, I was just tidying up.
Um, can I get you more towels?
You were trying
to steal from me.
No, I wasn't.
Hello. Is there
a problem here?
Who the hell are you?
I'm Kelly Smith,
hotel management.
We've been receiving complaints
from this floor
that Housekeeping has
been walking in on guests
even though the "Do Not
Disturb" sign was out.
I caught her trying
to go through my stuff.
I wasn't!
She's lying.
Sir, if you could make a list
of all your personal effects
that you think
might be missing...
I don't think she had time
to take anything.
Well, we can let
the police decide that.
I'm not dealing
with the police.
I'm on a tight schedule.
I don't have time
for that.
Understood, sir.
On behalf of the hotel,
we'd like to offer you
a complimentary night's stay
as a sign of our appreciation.
Sure. Fine.
Just... get her out of here.
Of course. Rita.
Once again, sir,
I'm terribly sorry.
Mm-hmm.
Are we cool up there?
That was a close call,
but I think we're good.
Vandenberg's
got company.
You know these guys, Grace?
Negative.
I've never
seen them before.
Maybe they're replacements
for the guys he lost.
I'm running them
through facial rec.
Our boy's got a briefcase.
Laptop's probably inside.
What are the chances of getting
that away long enough
to the access the computer?
Creating a distraction and
grabbing the case-- ten seconds.
Breaking the combination,
if it's locked-- another 20.
Copying the files-- two minutes.
Outsmarting the bad guys?
Priceless.
I got a match
on his lunch dates.
They both have diplomatic
status in the U.S.
The man on Vandenberg's
right is Ettiene Indongo.
He's an attaché from Niger.
The other man is
Ousamane Ndakolo.
He's Namibian.
I doubt it's coincidence
that Niger and Namibia happen
to be the world's third
and fourth largest exporters
of uranium.
Vandenberg could be expanding
his enterprises
into raw materials.
We're going to need all hands
on deck for this.
Kensi and Deeks,
you're the distraction.
Copy that.
I will grab the case
and hand it to Nell.
Nell, you're gonna need to
clone it and get it back to me.
Sam will remain
in over-watch position
in case anything goes wrong.
Okay, well, something may have
already gone wrong.
Visser's leaving his hotel room.
We may have spooked him.
Can you stall him?
I'll try.
Ah, excuse me.
Do you have a moment?
No.
I just need a second
of your time, sir.
I need you to
sign a statement
regarding what
happened in your room.
I don't have time right now.
Please, sir.
This will only take 30 seconds.
I just need a witness
to corroborate my report
for Human Resources.
Maybe later.
Of course. Have a good day, sir.
Visser's on his way down.
I couldn't stall him.
Deeks, you good?
Yup.
Nell?
I think so.
You'll be fine.
Just stay frosty.
Kens, how much time we got?
Seconds.
What do you think?
I have Visser.
I can take him out.
Just say the word.
Are we doing this?
G?
Abort.
Everyone walk away now.
What about these two guys?
Couldn't we track
Vandenberg through them?
They're both
foreign diplomats,
which means they probably
have immunity in this country.
Plus, the minute we contact
them, he knows we're onto them.
Yeah.
Infiltrating Vandenberg
without him knowing
would be great,
but at some point, we may
have to give up on that
and just
bring him in.
Yeah, Sam's right.
At the very least,
we stop them
from providing equipment
to our enemies.
Well, we could also turn that
to our advantage.
Well, how so?
With Vandenberg
out of the picture,
they'll just seek
another supplier.
Exactly, and that could be us.
I mean, we, uh,
create a bogus company
that's willing
to supply the same equipment.
Then we control
what it is we give 'em.
We know exactly where they are
in their nuclear development.
No?
Damn.
That's a good idea, Deeks.
You don't have to sound
surprised by that.
Not just another
pretty rock star, huh?
What's that mean?
Nothing. It means nothing.
She's talking crazy.
It's a good idea.
Unfortunately, we have
no idea where Vandenberg is.
How we making out?
Uh, less than zero.
Nothing on the
van or Vandenberg.
I don't know how
they left the hotel.
There are, like, a dozen exits.
We're monitoring
airport checkpoints,
but nothing so far. Sorry.
It's okay. All right,
keep working on it.
Hey...
uh, I just wanted to thank you
for your confidence
in me, Agent Callen.
What is this?
I'm sorry?
What's what?
What is this?
Oh, I-I don't know.
Where did you find it?
You just gave this to me.
I did? How could
I have done that? That...
Maybe somebody left it
on my desk here, and...
Is this Grace's history?
How would I know?
I don't eve...
I don't even know
what we're talking about.
I'm totally confused right now.
Eric, relax.
What did you find?
You should probably read it.
I will, I will; I just want
to hear your interpretation.
Why? Nell is the analyst.
I'm just a technical operator.
I'm just a techie.
I find data, I steal data,
I decrypt data,
I do not analyze data...
Eric, what did you find?
Nothing... exactly.
It's just that...
her past seemed
surprisingly similar
to some other agents.
What other agents?
Sullivan, Hunter...
you.
You hiding in here?
No. Just looking
for a little peace and quiet
so I can concentrate.
You guys find Vandenberg?
Not yet.
You good?
Don't I seem good?
You seem a little off your game.
Would you have made
a different call at the hotel?
Maybe.
Doesn't mean it would've
been the right one.
What's going on?
Nothing.
You're worried
about getting dressing up
for the birthday party?
Yeah, that's what it is.
Okay. Well, when you're ready,
you'll let me know
what it really is.
There's nothing
to tell you.
Right.
You said Grace was one of ours.
She is.
Not ours. Yours.
She was an orphan.
Turns out, so was the first
agent you lost-- Sullivan.
Just like Hunter, just like me.
Unfortunately,
there a lot of children
in the world without parents,
Mr. Callen.
And how many of them
have you recruited?
You know what they say, Hetty.
Once is happenstance.
Twice is coincidence.
Three times is enemy action.
I don't like your tone,
Mr. Callen.
Then tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me you didn't
pluck her out of an orphanage
and train her
or mentor her or whatever
the hell you call what you do.
I gave her an opportunity,
an education,
a family.
In return for what?
Perhaps that's a question
for her.
Well, maybe, I'll ask her.
I'd ask Sullivan and Hunter,
but they're both dead.
Tread carefully, Mr. Callen.
How many?
This conversation is over.
How many were there like Hunter
and Grace and me?
I suggest you stand down.
How many?!
A lot!
Is that what you wanted to hear?
There were...
a lot.
I messed up
this assignment.
I'm sorry I had to drag
your team into this.
You didn't mess up anything.
Oh, no?
Can't say I've ever seen
Hetty snap like that.
That had nothing
to do with this case.
I love her; I really do.
I wanted to be her.
But now she just scares me.
Well, she scares
a lot of people.
Though you don't strike me
as someone who spooks easy.
No, she scares me
because when I look at her
I see myself
in a few years.
We should all be so lucky.
You think?
Look...
Look, this Vandenberg case
has been hard on you.
You just need
time to decompress.
Well, the time that
I need is long gone.
You're not married?
No.
Girlfriend?
Not at the moment.
So how many moments
have there been?
Sorry.
None of my business.
It's just that
my longest relationship
has been undercover...
with criminals.
Okay, so forget
about Mr. Right.
I mean, Mr. Murderer,
Mr. Terrorist,
Mr. Drug Trafficker...
those are my guys.
Look, sometimes we make
bad choices for good reasons.
It's part of this job.
But you saved a lot of lives.
Well, that's become my mantra.
It's all for the mission.
Unfortunately, there's
always another mission,
another criminal
to go after, you know?
So when do you stop?
When somebody finally
puts a bullet in your head?
Vandenberg still wants you dead.
Yeah... so I got that
going for me.
He wants to kill you.
Okay, this isn't making me
feel any better.
It might if it helps us
catch him.
Firefighters have
knocked down the blaze
and expect to have it
under control
within the hour.
Drivers are cautioned,
meantime...
Has it aired yet?
It's coming up.
...until tomorrow morning.
What about the others?
In other news,
the police are asking for...
They're in position.
...the public's help
in identifying the victim
of a vicious assault.
The woman shown here
was found in an alley
by city workers late last night.
She had no identification
and remains in a coma
at St. Anne's Hospital.
Anyone with information
is asked to call the LAPD
anonymous tip hotline.
Need you to sign off
on your transpo.
It's been two hours.
Maybe they aren't
watching the news.
Excuse me.
I think my fiancée
was admitted here.
What's her name?
Grace.
She's your Jane Doe.
Oh.
Wow, that's amazing.
We... we were hoping
someone would help.
She didn't have any
identification on her.
Can I see her?
The visiting hours are over,
but I'll make an exception,
under the circumstances.
Your friends are gonna have
to wait out here, however.
That's fine.
Right this way.
She doesn't have any
drug allergies, does she?
No.
Okay.
How's she doing?
Better now.
Federal Agents.
Hello again.
Don't even think about it,
unless you want to end up
on one of these gurneys.
Or you want me to mop the floor
with your blood.
What?
You're trying too hard.
Turn around.
Hands behind your back.
Nice work.
Thanks. All of you.
You're welcome.
Hey, so, uh...
just for the record,
this is the last time I'm going
undercover as a janitor.
Ha! Yeah.
I'm serious.
This outfit--
silver, super itchy...
We got him...
Vandenberg.
He's in the boatshed
with Grace and Sam.
I'm not sure if he's gonna
cooperate, but we're gonna try.
Well done.
The last time
somebody offered me
50-year-old whiskey,
they tried to kill me.
Well, I can think
of worse ways to go.
I apologize...
for losing my temper.
I shouldn't have baited you.
No, you shouldn't have.
What are we drinking to?
The fact that we still can.
Wow.
Have you ever heard of
Vinnistya,
in the Ukraine?
Hitler had a headquarters
near there.
It was code-named Werewolf.
Yes.
And years later the Soviets
built a town there,
where everything--
houses, cars,
theaters, restaurants,
even the people--
were American.
A Mayberry behind
the Iron Curtain.
I always thought that was
an urban spy legend.
Hmm, yes, well...
there are those
who say that about me.
The town was built
to train operatives
to work in the West.
But the Soviets soon realized
that it was much more effective
to create agents from scratch.
So they started a school.
Young Soviet children went in...
and sleeper agents came out.
Sleeper agents that looked
and sounded like Americans.
And were schooled in spycraft
and the finer arts of...
seduction.
The males were called voron,
and the females, lebed'.
Ravens and swans.
They were charming,
smart and highly effective.
Is that where they found you?
You think I look like a swan,
Mr. Callen?
Were the children... orphans?
No, no.
This was the USSR.
It was a great honor
to have a family member
in service of
the Communist party...
or so was one was
led to believe.
It'd be a lot harder to sell
that to an American family.
Mm...
Orphans, on the other hand...
...could slip
through the cracks,
if no one was there
to catch them.
There were many factors
that conspired
against me having my own family.
But I did my very best
to take care of those who fell
under my wing.
I think you would have made
a great mother, Hetty.
Thank you, Mr. Callen.
I'd like to think I have.